Revise driver and firmware installation instructions (#4160)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-stack-docs: azure-local/concepts/system-requirements-23h2.md

| Category | Requirements |
|---------|--------------|
| **Drive Support** | - SATA, SAS, NVMe (M.2, U.2, add‑in card)<br>- Supported formats: 512n, 512e, 4K native |
| **Deployment Requirements** | **Single‑node:** One drive type (NVMe or SSD) with uniform performance.<br>**Multi‑node cluster:** Strongly recommended: all‑flash, single drive type (NVMe or SSD) with uniform performance. |
| **Hybrid Two‑Tier (HDD + Flash)** | - Supported only with HDD for capacity + flash (NVMe or SSD) for cache.<br>- Cache devices ≥ 32 GB.<br>- Cache‑to‑capacity ratio ≥ 15%.<br>- Cache endurance recommended: ≥ 3 DWPD or ≥ 4 TBW/day.<br>- Number of capacity drives should be a whole multiple of cache drives. |
| **NVMe Driver** | Uses Microsoft‑provided driver (`stornvme.sys`). The improved StorNVMe driver, avaiable for Windows Server is not supported at this time. |
| **Flash Requirements** | Flash (NVMe or SSD) must include power‑loss protection. |

For more feature-specific requirements for Hyper-V, see [System requirements for Hyper-V on Windows Server](/windows-server/virtualization/hyper-v/system-requirements-for-hyper-v-on-windows).

### Use of Azure Local with external SAN storage
> [!NOTE]

> > Notwithstanding to the requirements stated above, Azure Local Supports the usage of *additional* SAN via Fibre Channel (FC), currently in preview. Please consult your OEM about certified solutions.

Author: Cilpilot corrections are good.

> See [External Storage Support for Azure Local](../concepts/external-storage-support.md).
>

> > Albeit Storage Spaces Direct *remains required*, at the minimum for the Azure Local Infrastructure volume and the [Cluster Performance history](/windows-server/storage/storage-spaces/performance-history.md).

Author: Correct please apply

## Managing Drivers and Firmware
> [!IMPORTANT]
> Check with your OEM regarding the necessary drivers that need to be installed for Azure Local. Additionally, your OEM can provide you with their preferred installation steps.

It is imperative to adhere to the recommended installation steps stipulated by the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM).
For Integrated and Validated Solutions, verify the respective compatibility matrix of the SBE package matching the node, and the deployed or to be updated Azure Local solution version.
A driver and firmware compatibility matrix, when provided by the OEM, should be qualified for deployed or to be updated Azure Local solution version.

### Driver and Firmware updates using Windows Admin Center extensions
> [!IMPORTANT]
> Starting with Azure Local 23H2 or later, Windows Admin Center plugins may no longer be used to install drivers and firmware. It is safe using these on certified Azure Local Nodes running Windows Server S2D.

### Initial Deployment
Premier Solutions and Integrated Systems: These are delivered preinstalled and preconfigured will update their firmware and driver automatically.

> Validated Nodes: These may come preinstalled. The forementioned check or further sideloading update packages is required as per OEM recommendation

Author: I accept the copilot suggestion.

### Instance or node redeployment
Premier Solutions and Integrated Systems: Some OEMs provide ready-to-use ISO images that match the preinstalled and preconfigured version.

> Validated Nodes: These may come preinstalled. The forementioned check or further sideloading update packages is required as per OEM recommendation

Author: ```suggestion
Validated Nodes: These may come preinstalled. The aforementioned driver check via PowerShell or further sideloading update packages is required as per OEM recommendation.
```
